Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Mummy? Mummy? Mummy? Mummy?
Yeah. darling. I'm here. What's wrong?
Monsters in this?
No. There's no monsters in this.
I promise.
Shall I tell you a secret?
Monsters are scared of me.
So you. my love. never. ever
have to worry about them.
What about me?
Will you protect me as well?
What do you reckon?
Do we protect Granny as well?
Charming!
I'm just gonna have
some of that popcorn I bought you.
Salty. Disgusting.
I need the toilet.
You all right with Granny?
She'll be fine.
Hello. Detective.
What are you doing here?
Is this your girl?
Would you like a sweet? She wouldn't.
Sugar rots your teeth.
Darling. I'm feeling poorly.
I'm sorry. but we're gonna have to leave.
But I wanna stay to watch the film.
We can come back another time.
darling. Let's go.
They took my girl away. Monica.
She's got her daddy's eyes.
Monica. don't.
Take Lucy to the car. Lock her inside.
Come on. Lucy. It's OK.
He doesn't know she exists... does he?
Nothing can hurt a mother more
than their child been taken.
You're wrong. because. see. I'll take you.
and I'll bury you somewhere
you'll never be found.
And your daughter?
She'll spend her whole life
wondering why you -
her mother - never came looking for her.
Has Lucy said anything about last night?
No. Just been happily eating her carrots.
That woman. she was from the cult.
wasn't she?
I mean. could she hurt us?
Stay out of that cesspit.
I'm just trying to help.
Look. I can protect all of us. Don't worry.
I'll ask Hately to do some digging.
Yep? 'A body's been found at Cairnluing.'
Where's that? 'A good hour away.'
I'll be one minute.
So that's Crawford. is it?
It's about time you had a partner.
For too long. you've been a lone wolf.
Well. he's easy on the eye.
Stop that.
So. what is it that takes you away? Mum.
I know. I know. you can't say.
God loves a trier. though.
Bye. my love.
Mwah.
Bye.
I'd love to cook you my bolognese.
Oregano. That's my secret ingredient.
You've got my mouth watering.
I would absolutely love that. Angela.
That's me busted.
She's a firecracker?
That woman you were pawing.
Sophie Carr?
I've arrested her many times.
Her record's as big as your ego.
If I was to stop stepping out
with the lassies you'd arrested.
I'd be a lonely man in this town.
Last thing you want - a case
as far away from home as possible.
What does that mean?
Just being a mum away from her girl.
We don't have to do chit-chat.
Just use this time
to clear your head. Prepare.
Dear God.
Why the hell here?
This is where people come
to bury bodies. not display them.
Carol. first on the scene.
Used to love sleep. Monica. Hog for it.
This fucking job.
Only me and the engineer
who found him have been out there.
No point in others losing sleep. right?
He's. er. he's in his late teens.
How far are we from the road?
80m. give or take.
There's no tread marks...
any signs of his body being dragged.
I mean. there is no dirt
on his body. horror aside.
Pristine. So. what?
He was cleaned and killed elsewhere
and then carried here?
Could you carry a dead weight
that distance?
Aye. but I'm a gym fiend. aren't I?
So the killer's strong.
that's what you see.
Yes. he is. He?
Yes. he.
The care that's been taken here.
The victim's hands. they're praying.
And why here?
He's so young.
'Gonna ask Tammy out. then?'
All righty.
Didn't dry your paws again. did he?
SCOFFS Great. At least he took you out.
Right. I'm... I'm off.
It would be great
to spend a bit of time together.
You'll come straight home?
Yeah.
The line was cut.
Fault was recorded
just after ten last night.
The killer wanted the body found. Yeah.
He would have had to have climbed
that mast in the dark.
One determined sicko.
Here he is. DC Ewan Dhillon. Morning.
You have a lovely. leisurely journey?
Nice bit of Drive FM playing
on the way here. Dhillon?
Shut up. Connor.
I don't know these roads.
The satnav took me up
some farm tracks.
Er. what can I do?
Invest in an A-Z.
At around 10pm. the killer cut the power.
Any vehicles in the area
at that time will stand out.
So scour for CCTV. knock on doors.
OK. Yes. ma'am.
This won't stay quiet for long.
Should get moving
before any ghouls descend.
He'll do it again. won't he?
Shit. Do you know him?
Yes. I know him.
Is that with milk?
And then food?
Robert.
Late!
Yeah. Er. sorry. Sorry. Mr Maitland.
"Sorry." he says. and still.
he stands there like a shite statue.
Right. yeah...
Yeah. Sorry.
Look. Americans.
Yeah. They go nuts for the accent.
I'm like. "aye. I've seen Nessie."
That'll be more for my big tippers. Enjoy.
Everything all right here?
Lovely. Thank you so much.
The victim's name is Jason Morgan.
Are you sure?
Should we not wait for confirmation?
No. it's him.
Five years ago.
his brother Nichol went missing.
I investigated it.
Jesus. Two boys from the one family.
You never found him?
Next right.
There was gossip at the time
about his stepfather. Barclay.
that he might have killed him.
but everything pointed
to Nichol running away.
Should we call for back-up?
Are you scared of a house?
Hello?
Hello!
Hello. Barclay.
Nichol's finally
crawled out his hole. has he?
I'm not here about Nichol.
This is about Jason.
Jason's a good boy.
He's not like his brother.
There's no need for you
to be calling round here about him.
When did you last see Jason?
Why is she asking these questions?
Shh.
You were pregnant
last time you came here.
Did it arrive safely?
We've found a young man's body.
Well. it's not Jason. You sure?
Positive. I think it is.
He was discovered near Cairnluing.
That's not possible.
Sorry. when was the last time
that you saw Jason?
Who are you?
Detective Constable Connor Crawford.
We're not here as enemies.
We can't leave until you answer.
Yesterday. Jason stayed
with a friend last night.
He should be back by now.
And have you spoken to him since?
Specialist colleagues are on their way.
We'd like you to go with them
to identify the body.
It's not Jason.
Barclay. wait. He's inside.
Shit. Until we confirm the identity...
No. Mrs Morgan. please. Hold on a sec.
That we will need to preserve.
Please. try to remain calm. Stay there.
Please. Stop there now!
Call him.
Jason. Jason!
Barclay. Barclay. wait. Jason!
Don't touch anything.
Why does Jason not have his phone?
What's happened to him?
That's what I'm here to find out.
What. like you did with Nichol?
Kennedy. will I...?
Mrs Morgan.
let's have a chat downstairs.
Pristine.
This is normal?
We don't let Jason
stay with strangers. Detective.
Angus is his name.
Angus. Do you have Angus's number?
Bethany?
Hello. Er...
Is this too big a slice?
Bethany Butterfingers. Sorry!
No. no. no. Sorry.
No. here. here. It's fine. Let me.
That's the kettle.
You have dogs?
Dogs? Gosh. no.
Angus. You wanted his number.
Two chargers for two different phones.
Did you know he had two?
Jason only had one phone.
You would say if you noticed
anything strange recently?
Barclay!
That'll be the liaison officer
to take you to identify the body.
Well. Bethany doesn't need to go.
Send me it over when you can.
All right. Bye.
What have you got? Just... Just cheese.
Thank God you didn't pick tuna.
Snap. You don't like tuna. no?
Who does? I do.
Not from here. you don't.
Well. yeah. of course not.
Surely not. Not from here.
Enough yapping.
Give that to the man out by the kitchens.
You mean... Don. Don Cameron?
Careful with the bogeyman.
He kills for money. you know.
I'm teasing. He does it for love.
Well. when you're finished
chatting her up...
And no peeking.
Am I to give this to you?
Jesus.
Angus said Jason left at ten.
His parents confirmed it.
and I've got door cam
capturing him leaving. so...
Jason had two phones.
He was living a life
they knew nothing about.
Do you think they're hiding something?
She said they had no dogs.
There's a kennel.
She's got dog food in the bin.
They're lying to us about something.
I think Barclay has an idea
where that phone came from.
So why not tell us. then?
Let's follow them.
Barclay is going to be
with the liaison officer for hours.
She won't.
Find somewhere discreet
and wait her out.
'In times of apprehension.
'sometimes.
smiling can help to calm nerves.
'It does this by sending a quiet signal
'to your brain that you're safe.
'helping your body relax
and your breath slow down.
'Controlled breathing...'
The father is here.
All right. Movement.
Where are you off to?
Don't get too close.
'Yes. ma'am?'
Did Jason have a social worker?
'A social worker? Let me go check.'
What the hell?
'So. Jason had no social worker.
'but the family did lodge a
complaint against Nichol's old one.'
Michael Bach.
'Er... Yeah. D-Do you know him?'
He was Nichol's social worker.
He reported him missing.
'There's bad blood there.'
Yeah. Thanks. Dhillon.
OK. I know where she's heading.
Which way? Right.
'Please leave a message.'
Michael. this is
Detective Monica Kennedy.
I investigated Nichol Morgan's case.
Give me a call back.
There she is.
We need armed back-up.
Where are you going?
To buy time!
'You have one new message.'
'Michael. this is
detective Monica Kennedy.
'I investigated Nichol Morgan's case...'
I told you to stay away from my boy!
Bethany.
Don't.
Shots fired. AFO support needed.
There's no point in hiding.
Get out. you bloody coward!
Bethany. stop!
Move.
I can't do that.
Lower the gun. please. Bethany.
He groomed Nichol.
He filled his head with poison
and made him abandon me.
And now grooming's not enough.
He's gone and murdered my baby!
What? No. I did no such thing.
Liar! Quiet now.
He's a liar.
We caught Jason one day
when he came back. clothes wet.
He said he'd been wild swimming
with the social worker.
Bethany. no... Liar!
Now move! Bethany.
if he did this. I'll prove it.
Right. and then what? Jail?
That's no justice.
My father. he ran a jail.
He used to say to me.
"You catch them. darling.
I'll punish them."
If I move and you shoot.
you'd be being
a thousand times kinder to him
than the justice he'll receive in prison.
Prisoners. guards will eat him alive.
Slowly. painfully.
As a mother. that painful misery
is the justice I would want for you.
Think of Nichol. too.
Nichol.
He's still out there. isn't he. Bethany?
You do still believe Nichol's still alive?
I do.
And that one day. he'll come home.
Yeah.
So be there for him to return to.
Put the gun down and go.
My God.
My God. you-you all right?
Kennedy. you... you all right?
Call an ambulance. tell them she's
got glass in her radial artery.
On it. Don't just stand there.
Give me your belt.
My belt? I just saved your life.
It's the least you could do.
and get a towel.
A towel? Stop repeating everything I say!
Just something clean like that. Come on.
Am I dying? I bloody hope not.
Here.
I should have shot you both!
Yeah. well. one day.
you'll thank me you didn't.
This is gonna hurt. One. two. three.
So. Jason's dead?
It's just been confirmed.
Christ. That family.
Why did she think it was you?
You weren't even Jason's caseworker.
They're lying bastards. Kennedy.
I don't even think I met Jason.
Maybe once or twice when
I was his brother's case worker.
but as you well know.
that was years ago.
And the clandestine swimming lessons?
That's an impressive loch
on your doorstep.
This may sound funny.
but I'm more about giving the kids
a better life than drowning them.
The only people stupid enough
to swim in that loch
are me and my father before me.
I don't know what she's talking about.
You shouldn't have protected me.
You're a mother now. right?
You were convinced
Nichol hadn't run away.
Well. I was a worthy prick. wasn't I?
You don't sound like the Michael
I met before.
Are you the same person you were
when you started the job?
That's why it's like a pharmacy
in there. is it?
Not sleeping.
I may call on you again.
Well. I may not answer.
You will.
'Mum. is everything OK?'
Do you have any more of that
kids' ibuprofen hiding about?
What's happened? 'Don't panic.'
I haven't maimed the girl.
Lucy's just running a wee temperature.
That's all. 'It's in the bathroom cabinet.'
Well. she's had
the last few drops of that one.
so she should be fine for now.
'I'll try and stop at a shop
on my way back.
'Will you put her on?' Hang on.
Who are you waving at?
Say hi to Mum.
Hi. Mum. 'Hey. you.
'Are you not feeling well?'
It's me again. Don't worry. She'll be fine.
Hey. Hey.
You OK? Yeah. How was it?
You drop anything again?
Very good. Look.
Not bad?
And it's enough for two cinema tickets
for. like. tonight?
Tammy. I...
No. it's just. I promised my dad.
Your dad? Yeah.
My dad. you know. he's been... Sure.
Of course. Don't worry.
When I first met Bethany.
I was pregnant.
Maybe I would have investigated
Nichol differently
if Lucy had already been born.
Mother's instinct. Maybe not.
Life was...
Well. it was not up. Down.
My father. he wasn't long dead.
That was complicated.
And I'd just come off a huge case.
The cult one? The Burning Light case?
You've heard of that case?
That was way before your time here.
I know about all your cases.
It wasn't just
for your wonderful personality
that I asked to be paired with you.
So this - us - this is your doing?
My grandfather used to say.
"If you want to improve in your job.
then work with the best."
He was a burglar. mind.
Night.
'A satellite captured these
images of Kilamanjaro in 1992.'
That's me back.
Are you OK? Yeah. I am.
I'm just tired.
Is Lucy OK?
Yeah. Temperature's all back to normal.
It's a bad one. isn't it?
It's all over
my walking group's Facebook.
You know I can't talk about it.
I made you some of the
leek and tattie soup you love.
Mum? Yep?
Will you stay tonight?
Of course.
EXAMINER. THROUGH HEADPHONES: 'That
concludes the external examination
'of Jason Morgan.
'Now I shall move on
to the internal examination.
'There is distension of the bladder.
'which suggests consumption
of liquid just before death.
'This indicates potential intoxication.
'It could imply he was drugged.
'That would explain both the distension
'and the lack of defensive wounds.'
'He would have
been slowly rendered helpless.
'trapped inside his own body.
'Unable to communicate.
'yet still conscious
of the world around him.'
'Witnessing every moment
as he was strangled to death.'
'Monica. there truly is
a wicked monster out there.'
Rob.
I'm sorry...
about everything with Mum.
You know you can talk to me.
Well. we... we can speak tomorrow.
Lloyd.
Let's go. Let's go to bed.
Come on. down to bed. Come on. son.
Subtitles by accessibility@itv.com.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm